English
English
Deutsch
Français
Español
Italiano
Português
Nederlands
|
Help
|
Sign in
|
Give Feedback
How would you rate your experience using this page?
Very Dissatisfied
Dissatisfied
Neutral
Satisfied
Very Satisfied
Visit our
help center
for resources to common issues
Click here
to take our survey and give us detailed feedback.
Thank you for your feedback.
Click here
to take our survey and give us detailed feedback.
Bookshelf
|
Reports
|
Community
|
Marketing
Help Topics
Help
KDP Help Center Home
Account & Taxes
Set up your KDP account
Create a KDP Account
Add or update a bank account
I set up my bank account, but I haven't received any payments.
Troubleshooting common bank account errors
Payment Service Provider Program FAQ
Payment Service Provider Program Updates
Payment Service Provider Program Risk Management Controls
Manage Your KDP Account
What happens when I close my KDP account?
Account security and avoiding scams
Sign in Issues
Two-Step Verification
Verify your identity
Accepted IDs for Identity Verification
What if my account name or country changes or is different from my ID?
Taking photos of your ID
Troubleshoot Identity Verification Errors
CreateSpace Account
Tax Information
Year End Tax Forms
What is my tax information status?
Complete Tax Profile
Tax Withholding
Kindle Store: BR - BR Tax Withholding
Goods and Services Tax (GST) for eBooks in Australia and India
Taiwan VAT
Applying for a US ITIN
Applying for a U.S. EIN for Corporations and Non-Individual Entities
How Taxes Affect List Prices
Setting Prices for Amazon Japan
How EU and the UK Taxes Affect Print Books List Price
How EU Taxes Affect eBooks List Price
EU VAT Invoices
Book Formatting
Format Your Paperback
Set Trim Size, Bleed, and Margins
Format Front Matter, Body Matter, and Back Matter
Save Your Manuscript File
Paperback and Hardcover Manuscript Templates
Cover Creator
Create a Paperback Cover
Format Images in Your Book
Paperback Fonts
Fix Paperback and Hardcover Formatting Issues
Paperback Submission Guidelines
Format Your Hardcover
Create a Hardcover Cover
Format Your eBook
What criteria does my eBook's cover image need to meet?
Why is my cover image not updating on Amazon?
What file formats are supported for eBook manuscripts?
Digital Rights Management
Create a Table of Contents
Tools and Resources
KDP Tools and Resources
Publishing Service Providers & Resources
Kindle Create Help Overview
Getting Started with Kindle Create
Kindle Create Tutorial
Prepare Reflowable and Print Books with Kindle Create
Prepare Comic and Kids' eBooks with Kindle Create
Prepare Print Replica Books with Kindle Create
Previewing and Publishing Your Kindle Create Book
Kindle Previewer
Quality Notifications Dashboard
Guide to Kindle Content Quality
Enhanced Typesetting
X-Ray for Authors
X-Ray for Authors: Tips and Tricks
KDP Publishing
Start publishing with KDP
KDP Bookshelf
Book Supported Languages
Arabic
Chinese (Traditional) (Beta)
Publishing in Hebrew, Persian, and Yiddish
Indian-Language Publishing
Create a Book
Book Detail Resources
Books Titles & Editions
Fixing typos on a book title or author name
Authors & Contributors
Write a Book Description
Fixing errors or formatting with book descriptions
Make Your Book More Discoverable with Keywords
Kindle eBook Pre-Order
Setting up pre-orders
Pre-order statuses
Reschedule a pre-order release
Delay or cancel a pre-order release
Pre-order pricing and sales reports
Primary Audience and Reading Age
Publishing Public Domain Content
Language & Reading direction
Release Date Options
Schedule a Release
Upload Book Resources
Accessibility for eBooks
Accessibility Features on Detail Page
What is an ISBN and Imprint?
Get an ISBN
Change or view your ISBN
Troubleshoot ISBN errors
Barcodes
Print Options
Color Ink Options
Groundwood Paper
Upload and Preview Book Content
Convert a Paperback Word File to PDF
Pricing Resources
Price Your Book
Price Troubleshooting
Paperback Printing Cost
Hardcover Printing Cost
RedirectA
Printing Cost & Royalty Calculator
Timelines
Book Status
Low-Content Books
Hardcover
Hardcover Print Elements
Beta: Audiobooks with virtual voice
Getting started with audiobooks with virtual voice
Audiobooks with virtual voice eligibility and troubleshooting
Virtual voice audio samples
Pricing, royalties, and reports for audiobooks
Edit audio in the Virtual Voice Studio
Terms and Conditions for the Beta Version of Audiobooks with Virtual Voice
Beta: Kindle Translate
Getting Started with Kindle Translate
Kindle Translate Languages
Kindle Translate Eligibility and Troubleshooting
Kindle Translate Quality
Pricing, royalties, and reports for translations
Terms and Conditions for the Beta Version of Kindle Translate
Start a Book Series
Update Your Series
Edit your Series
Delete a series
Set the reading order for your series
Where can I find my Amazon Series Page?
How to create a series with multiple authors
Can I offer discounts to books in my series?
Series Collections on kdp.amazon.co.jp
Orders & Book Copies
Proof and Author Copies
How do I order a proof or author copy?
How much do proof or author copies cost?
What is the cost to ship my proof or author copy?
When will my proof or author copy arrive?
I’m getting an error ordering my author copy
I’m getting an error ordering my proof copy
My proof or author copy came damaged
My proof or author copy didn’t arrive on time
My proof or author copy has printing errors
Amazon Store & Detail Page
KDP Categories
Read Sample (Look Inside the Book)
Customer Reviews
Search Results
How to find your book on Amazon
Troubleshoot search results
Link Your Books Together
Why are my books not linked on Amazon?
Link Your Books on the KDP Bookshelf
How do I unlink my books?
Sales Ranking
Book Trends Data
Recaps
Marketing & Distribution
Guidelines for use of the Available at Amazon Badge by KDP Publishers
Ways to Promote Your Book
KDP Select
How to enroll in KDP Select
How to cancel KDP Select
KDP Select Benefits
KDP Select Bonus
Kindle Countdown Deals
Kindle Unlimited
Royalties in Kindle Unlimited
Free Book Promotions
Author Central
A+ Content
Create A+ Content
A+ Content Examples
A+ Content Guidelines
Advertising for KDP books
Expanded Distribution
eBook Distribution Rights
Paperback and Hardcover Distribution Rights
Merchandising Tips
Buying and Gifting eBooks for Others
Sample Chapters
Audiobooks Through ACX
Amazon Literary Contests
Nominate Your eBook for a Promotion (Beta)
Book Updates
Update Your Book
Update your book details
Update Your Manuscript
Modify Converted eBook Content
How to Send Your Updated eBook to Customers or Yourself
Update Your Cover
Remove or unpublish a book
Payments & Reports
Royalties
eBook Royalties
Paperback Royalty
Hardcover Royalty
KDP Reports
How do I view a report of my orders and payment royalties?
Dashboard
Orders Report
KENP Read
Promotions Report
Pre-Order Report
Month-to-Date Report
Prior Months' Royalties Report
Royalties Estimator
Payment Report
KDP Payments
KDP Payment Options
When will I get paid?
Troubleshoot Payment Issues
Legal & Content Guidelines
Kindle Direct Publishing Terms and Conditions
Digital  Book Pricing Page
Print Book Pricing Page
eBook List Price Requirements
Program Policies
Content Guidelines
Metadata Guidelines for Books
Intellectual Property Rights Frequently Asked Questions
Reporting Possible Violations of Our Guidelines
Privacy Notice Information
Bonus Content
Featured Offer Eligibility for Third-Party Sellers
EU Regulation on Deforestation-free Products (EUDR)
User Guides
Kindle Publishing Guidelines
Getting Started
Introduction
Paths to Getting Your Content on Kindle
Comparing Formats
General Best Practices
Cover Image Guidelines
Navigation Guidelines
HTML and CSS Guidelines
Hyperlink Guidelines
QA Standards
Boxed and Bundles Edition Guidelines (eBook format only)
Guidelines for Specific Types of eBooks
Creating Reflowable Books
Text Guidelines - Reflowable
Image Guidelines - Reflowable
Table Guidelines - Reflowable
Creating Fixed-Layout Books with Text Pop-Ups
Creating Fixed-Layout Books with Image Pop-Ups or Virtual Panels
Creating Fixed-Layout Books Without Pop-Ups
Creating Kindle Editions with Audio/Video Content
Creating Dictionaries
Appendices
Enhanced Typesetting and Page Flip
Attributes and Tags Supported by Enhanced Typesetting
HTML and CSS Tags Supported in Kindle Format 8
Media Queries
Guidelines for Creating a Source File
KDP Jumpstart
1 – Set Up Your KDP Account
2 – Prepare Your Manuscript
3 – Prepare Your Cover
4 – Title Setup: Book Details, Content, & Pricing
5 – Publishing & Review
6 – Promoting Your Book & Getting Paid
KDP University
Webinars
Videos
Contact Us
Have feedback? Can't find your answer in our Help pages?
Contact Us
Search Help
Legal & Content Guidelines
Program Policies
Content Guidelines
Content Guidelines
As a bookseller, we believe that providing access to the written word is important, including content that may be considered objectionable. We carefully consider the types of content we make available in our stores and review our approach regularly, listening to feedback and investigating concerns from our customers. We reserve the right to remove content from sale if we determine it creates a poor customer experience.
Authors, publishers, and selling partners are responsible for adhering to our content guidelines. We invest significant time and resources to enforce these guidelines, using a combination of machine learning, automation, and dedicated teams of human reviewers. We’ll reject or remove content that does not adhere to these guidelines and promptly investigate any book when notified of potential noncompliance.  We may also request additional information relating to your book before it's available for sale. If we remove a title, we let the author, publisher, or selling partner know and they can appeal our decision.
These guidelines apply to book content, including title, cover art, and product description.
Note:
Books that are translations of another work must credit the translator and the original author in the contributor field. If the work is not a new translation and the translator is unknown, the publisher should list the translator as "Anonymous" in the contributor field.
Contents
Illegal or infringing content
Offensive content
Artificial intelligence (AI) content
Poor customer experience
Public domain content
Score and lyrics for songs managed by copyright management companies (Japan Only)
Report violations
Illegal or infringing content
We take violations of laws and proprietary rights very seriously. It is the responsibility of authors, publishers, and selling partners to ensure their content doesn't violate laws or copyright, trademark, brand, privacy, publicity, or other rights. We will not accept content under copyright that is freely available on the web unless it’s provided by the owner of the copyright. In addition, we do not allow companion books based on copyrighted works (e.g., summaries, study guides, etc.) to be published outside the U.S. without written permission from the copyright holder.
Offensive content
We don’t sell certain content including content that we determine is hate speech, promotes the abuse or sexual exploitation of children, contains pornography, glorifies rape or pedophilia, advocates terrorism, or other material we deem inappropriate or offensive.
Artificial intelligence (AI) content (text, images, or translations)
We require you to inform us of AI-generated content (text, images, or translations) when you publish a new book or make edits to and republish an existing book through KDP. AI-generated images include cover and interior images and artwork. You are not required to disclose AI-assisted content. We distinguish between
AI-generated
and
AI-assisted
content as follows:
AI-generated
: We define AI-generated content as text, images, or translations created by an AI-based tool. If you used an AI-based tool to create the actual content (whether text, images, or translations), it is considered "AI-generated," even if you applied substantial edits afterwards.
AI-assisted
: If you created the content yourself, and used AI-based tools to edit, refine, error-check, or otherwise improve that content (whether text or images), then it is considered "AI-assisted" and not “AI-generated.” Similarly, if you used an AI-based tool to brainstorm and generate ideas, but ultimately created the text or images yourself, this is also considered "AI-assisted" and not “AI-generated.” It is not necessary to inform us of the use of such tools or processes.
You are responsible for verifying that all AI-generated and/or AI-assisted content adheres to all content guidelines, including by complying with all applicable intellectual property rights.
Poor customer experience
Books for sale on Amazon should provide a positive customer experience. We do not allow descriptive content meant to mislead customers or that doesn't accurately represent the content of the book. We also do not allow content that’s typically disappointing to customers, including the examples provided in the
Guide to Kindle Content Quality
. We reserve the right to change the
categories
of a book at any time to ensure a positive customer experience.
Public domain content
We allow content that is in the public domain and no longer under copyright. However, to provide a better customer experience, we won’t allow undifferentiated versions of public domain titles if a free version is available in our store (as outlined in our policies for
Publishing Public Domain Content
). We may ask publishers to provide proof that the content is in the public domain.
Score and lyrics for songs managed by copyright management companies (Japan Only)
Content containing scores and lyrics from songs managed by copyright management companies, including JASRAC, cannot be published on the Kindle Store.
Report violations
If you believe a book violates our guidelines, please
report it
.
Guidelines for other categories of products can be found here:
Offensive and Controversial Materials
Community Guidelines
Amazon Web Services
Prime Video Direct
Amazon Registry
Was this article helpful?
Yes
|
No
Make more money and reach more readers through Kindle Unlimited.
Learn More
Total KDP Select Author Earnings
June 2026
•
$67.0 Million
©
      1996-2026, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
Amazon and Kindle are trademarks of Amazon.com Inc. or its affiliates.
KDP Select
Earn more money and
reach new readers
KDP Community
Connect with experts
and fellow authors
CreateSpace
Indie print publishing
made easy
ACX
Indie audiobook publishing
made easy
KDP Terms and Conditions
|
Privacy Notice
|
Conditions of Use
|
Contact Us
|
Join Our Team
|
kdp.amazon.co.jp
An unexpected error occurred.  Please try again later.
Your session has expired
Please sign in to continue
Sign In
edit